---
title: Fairlington Historical Society Meeting Minutes — January 15, 2025
summary: Minutes for the January 15, 2025 meeting.
date: 2025-01-15T17:00:00-05:00
booktoc: false
---

**Attendees:**

- Beth Hoffman, President   
- Lisa Sabol, Secretary  
- Dan Burd, Treasurer  
- Phil Snelling  
- Vicki Spindler   
- Gavin Hilgemeier  
- Lisa Kinser

Regrets: Martha Hermann

**Meeting Discussion:**

- WETA If You Lived Here: Discussed FHS hosting a watch party. Will come out on YouTube first. WETA may want to do something with us to make it a bigger event.  Beth to get more information from ETA communications person to determine if they want to do something with us. Talked about working with Kay to do a sponsorship.   Once we have more details on our plans Lisa will approach Kay.  
- Walking tour –Plan is to give the walking tour free of charge.   
- Julie Butler talk on Fairlington architecture and historic preservation – targeting May for preservation month but tbd.  Julie suggested having a brochure – Vicki can lay it out.  Do a flyer to advertise the week before at the Farmers Market.    
- Coloring pages – Vicki can lay it out.  Perhaps get an intern/student to draw it.  We discussed the idea of having a Marymount or a high school student.  Discussed contacting a Wakefield guidance counselor to see if they can connect us with a student?  We also discussed options for generating images, and Lisa K suggested we look into our own subscription to the website that creates puzzles – education.com.  Vicki will reach out to Wakefield for art student, Beth to contact Marymount, Lisa K to contact Alexandria City High.  
- AFB newsletter: Budget shortfall so they are no longer doing it.  Vicki attended the last FCA meeting.  FCA is thinking of doing a Fall Festival to raise money for it.  Considering a digital version. Beth will reach out.   
- Historical signs in Arlington: Phil spoke with Arlington County about historical signs for Fairlington, using the example of Alexandria signs.  Arlington doesn’t have a similar program.    
- Next meeting: February 19 at 8pm.  Agreed to do the meeting virtually since the Fairlington Villages Community Center will be closed for renovation in February.  